Come, come closer. I have thought about the wedding scene many times,
I never thought that I would marry Siani.
Really, don’t you need to meet your family first?
Don't worry, I don't know, my family is a little married.
Is it still the Siani I know? It’s nothing.
I feel like I won’t do this,
If I don't take wedding photos, he will send them to me.
If not now, he should check his cell phone.
Hey, brothers, what's going on at the moment?
Brother Zhu, Luo Ruan hasn’t replied to your message yet?
Isn't it because you are blaming that boy for being angry with you?
You two enjoyed so many conflicts before
If he doesn't come tomorrow
Look what I'm saying
Is it the news that Roja is back?